

AOP is a pattern used to modularize cross cutting features. So if there is a certain "thing" that applies to a significant part 
in your code then you can use AOP to solve that problem. These "things" are called aspects.

Advise defines what needs to be apply.
Joinpoint is where an Advice is apply.
Pointcut is a combination of different Jointpoints.
Aspect is applying an Advice at Pointcuts.

Aspect = Point cut + Advice

Advantages of Spring AOP
AOP is non-invasive:
Service or Domain classes get advice by the aspects (cross-cutting concerns) without adding Spring AOP related classes or interfaces into the service or domain classes.
Allows the developers to concentrate on the business logic, instead of the cross-cutting concerns.
2. AOP is implemented in pure Java:

There is no need for a special compilation unit or special class loader
3. It uses Spring’s IOC container for dependency injection:

Aspects can be configured as normal spring beans.
4. Like any other AOP framework, it weaves cross-cutting concerns into the classes, without making a call to the cross-cutting concerns from those classes.

5. Centralizes or modularizes the cross-cutting concerns:

Easy to maintain and make changes to the aspects.
Changes only need to be made in one place.
6. Provision to create aspects using schema-based (XML configuration) or @AspectJ annotation based style.

7. Easy to configure.

Disadvantages of Spring AOP
1. A small difficulty is debugging the AOP framework-based application code.

Since the business classes are advised after the scene with aspects.
2. Since it uses proxy-based AOP, only method-level advising is supported; it does not support field-level interception

So join-points can be at method level not at field level in a class.
3. Only methods with public visibility will be advised:

Methods with private, protected, or default visibility will not be advised.
4. There's small runtime overhead, but its negotiable:

The overhead is in nano-seconds.
5. Aspects cannot advise other Aspects - it's not possible to have aspects as targets of advice from other aspects.

Because once you mark one class as an aspect (either use XML or annotation), Spring excludes it from being auto-proxied.
6. Local or internal method calls within an advised class don’t get intercepted by proxy, so the advice method of the aspect does not get fired or invoked.

7. It is not for advising fine-grained objects (or domain objects)—it is best suitable for coarse-grained objects due to performance.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

An aspect represent the cross-cutting functionality name, remember just name only name.

Join Points: A Join Point is a point in the execution of the application where an aspect can be plugged in. 
This point could be a method being called, an exception being thrown, or even a field being modified.

Advice is the implementation of Aspect.  An Advice provides the code for implementation of the service.

cross-cutting functionalities means adding different types of services to the application at runtime automatically.
examp:authentication,logging,transaction

Around Advice is combination of both Before and After Advice.
     While creating the business logic of the method the additional services are needed to be injected (which we saw already) at 
     different places or points, we call such points as join points.At a join point a new services will be  added into the normal 
     flow of a business method.
     
While executing the business method, the services are required at the following 3 places (generally), we call them as JoinPoints..

Before business logic of the method starts
After business logic of the method got completed
If business logic throws an exception at run time




